feat: new quickstart (#4)
littlehorse-enterprises/lh-quickstart-java: README.md

  - [Register Workflow](#register-workflow)
  - [Run Workflow](#run-workflow)
  - [Run Task Worker](#run-task-worker)
  - [Posting an Event](#posting-an-event)
- [Next Steps](#next-steps)

**Get started in under 5 minutes, or your money back!** 😉

> This repo contains a minimal example to get you started using [LittleHorse](https://littlehorse.io) in Java. [LittleHorse](https://littlehorse.io) is a high-performance orchestration engine which lets you build workflow-driven microservice applications with ease.

Reviewer: Can/should we point it to `/docs/server`?

Reviewer 2: I like linking to the front page.  They can easily find docs from there if that's what they're after.

Reviewer 3: I agree with @mitchell-h there are other parts in this README that point directly to docs as well.

You can run this example in two ways:

1. Using a local deployment of a LittleHorse Server (instructions below, requires one `docker` command).

> 2. Using a LittleHorse Server deployed in a cloud sandbox (to get one, contact `info@littlehorse.io`).

Reviewer 2: the wording on 2 is a little weird no reason to say server or deployed.  Suggest:
2.  Using a LittleHorse cloud sandbox.

> In this example, we will run a "Identity Verification" workflow as a quickstart. The workflow takes in three input variables (`firstName`, `lastName`, and `ssn`), and calls a `verify-identity` Task Function with the specified inputs, wait for an external event letting LittleHorse know that the identity has been verified, and then notify the customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we will develop an "Identity Verification" workflow. The `WfSpec` takes in three input variables (`firstName`, `lastName`, and `ssn`) which represent a customer who is attempting to sign up for some service. Before the vendor can accept the customer, they must verify the customer prospect's identity using a third-party identity verification service—for example, due to compliance reasons.

Our workflow will:
1. Execute a `TaskRun` that requests a fictitious third-party identity verification service to verify the specified customer's identity.
2. Wait for the verification process to complete (using a [LittleHorse `ExternalEvent`](https://littlehorse.io/docs/server/concepts/external-events) )
3. Either accept the customer into the system or reject them; both of which are also [LittleHorse `TaskRun`s](https://littlehorse.io/docs/server/concepts/tasks).
```

Reviewer 2: Colt's description is better.

To run a LittleHorse Server locally in one command, you can run:

```sh
docker run --name littlehorse -d -p 2023:2023 -p 8080:8080 ghcr.io/littlehorse-enterprises/littlehorse/lh-standalone:latest
```

> Using the local LittleHorse Server takes about 15-25 seconds to start up, but it does not require any further configuration. Please note that the `lh-standalone` docker image requires at least 1.5GB of memory to function properly. This is because it runs kafka, the LH Server, and the LH Dashboard (2 JVM's and a NextJS app) all in one container.

Reviewer 2: "This is because it runs kafka, the LH Server, and the LH Dashboard (2 JVM's and a NextJS app) all in one container" needs to be 
This is because it runs Apache Kafka, the LH Server, and the LIttleHorse Dashboard all in one container
Don't use LH and you have to say "Apache Kafka"

> At this point, whether you are using a local Docker deployment or a private LH Cloud Sandbox, you should be able to contact the LH Server:

Reviewer 2: LH needs to be LittleHorse

Let's run the `Main` app with the `register` argument, which does two things:

1. Registers a `TaskDef` named `verify-identity` with LittleHorse.
2. Registers a `TaskDef` named `notify-customer-verified` with LittleHorse.
3. Registers a `TaskDef` named `notify-customer-not-verified` with LittleHorse.

> 4. Registers a `WfSpec` named `quickstart` with LittleHorse.

Reviewer 2: with LittleHorse server.

It's not abundantly clear to new users that "LittleHorse" is the server.
